---
layout: post
title:  "The Slope"
author: "Ku"
tags: Stories
---

Mr. W ambled sluggishly up the slope, with bags of snacks abundant with calories ready to be gobbled and churned. His heavy breath formed big puffs of air in the wintry night as he mustered all his strength to get to the apartment up on the hill. Beneath his khakis fur coat, a lanky body obviously lacking adequate exercise is sweating unrelentingly as if it is a plaintive protest against its inhumane treatment. Ever since W ventured into his forties, he’d been leading a sedentary lifestyle – the price for a sinecure career and sufficient sleep.

He trudged strenuously, constantly hoisting up his plastic bag to shift his equilibrium. Having walked up the slope for two years, W had become a frequent patron at the convenience store at the corner before turning to the slope. He gasped for air as he made his way to the two-bedroom apartment. With every step he took, his immense fatigue started to fade as if his body had rejuvenated and his anticipation swelled contemporaneously. W loved listening to the soft whisper of a woman’s and watching the elation that lit up a woman’s eyes at the mere sight of him standing before her door. His heart leaped the second his eyes caught sight of the apartment. This exhausting climb felt endless but W grinned: Some happiness is worth the struggle.

W met N two years ago. It was a summer afternoon and W just randomly walked into a salon a few streets down his workplace. It was expectedly deserted when W went in for it was during working hours in an office district. As soon as he laid his eyes on N, his heart stopped fleetingly. She wasn’t a beauty; she was broad in the beam and her face was robust and round like a melon under the sun. A roly-poly woman in her mid-twenties. She greeted him cordially and showed him to an empty seat. Her eyes waning into two crescent lines when she smiled – resembling a really happy smiley face – and it felt like the dew to W’s draught. With a pair of skilled hands, N rinsed W’s slightly greyish hair gently with lukewarm water and massaged his scalp adroitly, sending shivers down his spine. As she worked her magic on his hair, W felt as if he had been bewitched by this captivating woman. 

After a few tête-à-têtes in the salon, W rented this apartment to be their little haven -- a sanctuary to protect their forbidden relationship from the vituperative and prying eyes of the society. The air-conditioning in the lobby enveloped W as soon as he cast his feet into the lobby of the apartment and he trotted to the elevator. As the elevator was ascending, he thought something in him rose and he was certain he was on his way to a realm beyond cloud nine. He sighed heavily, pleased. His tongue dried as he looked forward to what awaited him just at the “ping” of the elevator opening. W strode to the front door of his secret place and pressed the doorbell with much agitation.

“Welcome home, you’ve worked hard,” N cooed as she opened the door. She was wearing a floral dress that clung to her plump body and little make-up that was no attempt to beautify her face. But, W was contented and he hoped that she’d always stay like this. He pulled her into his arms, kicking the door shut, and she moaned. He wasn’t sure whether this was her act of faux naïve, but he was living in the moment. Sometimes, lies are the sustenance of an ideally beautiful life. Never had W felt more himself than he was with N. 

“What do you find attractive about me, Mr. W?”  N asked timidly while she dressed demurely. There was something grossly erotic and absurd watching a dishabille fat woman and W was lavishing every movement she made.

“Your unattractiveness is what I find attractive about you,” W yawned languorously. He could hear N’s almost inaudible gulp as if swallowing a huge sob and a pang of guilt seized him.
It was fifteen to two and W was laying his head on N’s breasts. Fifteen minutes of heaven left and he’d have to drive back home in his luxurious but empty car. He looked around the bedroom and picayune but homey decorations filled the room with life. W kissed N deeply before dressing himself and left the apartment at two o’clock sharp.  A sense of loneliness engulfed W as soon as he had left the apartment and ambled to the streets. He looked up and found N standing on the balcony waving bashfully at him, beaming wistfully as she gazed at his silhouette. W thought N’s face glowed as beautifully as the full moon that shone silently in the ebony sky. He nodded and made his way down the slope.

His walk down the slope was effortlessly easy and his feet moved autonomously. Although the notion of going home was unpleasant, he was still placated. His rendezvous with his exotic mistress would allay his dread being at home. Sometimes we need some thrill to spice up our monotonous routine, W concluded. 

-

“Ding ding…” The kitchen timer boomed across the apartment, shattering the nightly silence. N scrambled to turn off the stove and put the boiled vegetables in a bowl. She was wearing a loose black dress with her hair tied up. W’s gaze was fixated on her as he listened to N humming an unknown tune. She seemed to be in a good mood and her nails were painted cherry pink. He’d never seen N like this before but he was momentarily fascinated. 

They dined together at the small dining table.  N served W his favourite grilled chicken and teriyaki beef slice while she had a bowl of bean salad garnished with fried salmon chunks. W was perplexed by her meal.

“You’re not having your usual cheese baked rice and fried chicken?”

“No. We ran out of cheese so I decided to make use of the vegetables given by our lovely neighbour. What a generous and courteous man Mr. Shaw is!” N chimed. When had my diffident N befriended our neighbour? W wondered. 

The dinner continued with awkward silence. N was taking small bites with each mouthful arranged meticulously while her glittering cherry pink nails belied her pale and chubby fingers. W kept peering over; looking at her pink and fuller lips as she chewed her food and her inconspicuous chin that was slightly protruded jerking as she swallowed her food. Confounded, he deliberated on how N looked before that exact moment. Wasn’t her chin concealed by her thick layer of flesh? Was her nails ever manicured? He couldn’t remember.

“I’m full,” W announced dully, pushing away his half-finished dish. 

“Oh? Is the food not good?” A look of concern distorted N’s face. “I’m sorry, Mr. W… Can I fix you something else? Are you not feeling well?”

W shook his head lightly and stood up to kiss N on the forehead. “I’m just tired, that’s all.” He breathed a sigh of relief; N was still the same good N and he was just agitated over something inconsequential changes.

That night W wasn’t up for any sex, so N just performed fellatio on him. As he climaxed, he spotted her roseate lips wrapped around his hard penis and her cherry pink fingernails that clenched around his erection as if they were looking askance at him. N sucked his tip and licked the vestige of his semen and W felt as if his life was being sucked dry. 

-

“Does this look good on me?” Y asked W coyly, fondling the ruby necklace on her neck as she spoke. Shades of brown and thick long eyelashes accentuated her round eyes and deep rose kissed her well-cared lips. The corner of her eyes and lips were tinged with graceful wrinkles when she smiled. 

“Yes, my love,” W nuzzled Y’s hair. She giggled inaudibly.

W bought the necklace for his wife. His heart throbbed and ached seeing her so beautiful and so far away. She went on looking at some brooches at the other display counter. His eyes zoned out as he sat on the sofa, and he gazed at the grand window at the corner of the jewellery shop.

The spring breeze was wafting its fingers at the hairs of preoccupied salary men, chitchatting high school girls and gossiping housewives. Y was once a flower that blossomed in the spring; clad in her high school uniform while they went on dates after school. She was also a lawyer until she was diagnosed with breast cancer five years ago.  

A woman in loose pink floral dress walked past the window, with shopping bags hanging from her wrist. Her hair was dyed toffee brown and tied up in a ponytail. W gasped, that woman looked familiar. He got up from his chair to confirm his suspicion. The woman was talking on the phone as she sashayed down the street and suddenly she looked back to greet her friend. She grinned girlishly at her gorgeous friend. The same crescent eyes that seemed almost non-existent when smiling; W sunk into his seat with much uneasiness.

“Honey, let’s go home now,” Y patted W’s shoulder gingerly. W got up to his feet and they left the jewellery shop with Y talking on the phone making an appointment for her pedicure and manicure. 

W was lost in his own trance: There was something edgy on her cheeks and her dress was looser than before. Perhaps he was imagining things? But he remembered something shimmered on her wrist and that glint was like an indelible stain in his mind.

-

It was half past six and W was behind the wheels heading towards the apartment on the hill.  His palms were drenched in perspiration as he was suddenly rendered directionless. The traffic was congested and so was his train of thoughts.

At seven, he parked his car near the convenience store and sat paralysed in his seat for five minutes. He locked his car and stared at the entrance of the convenience store for a while before moving up the slope.

The street was quiet with some occasional barking of some dogs pulling W from his reverie. Dogs? When had this house been demolished? Had there always been a tree in front of his apartment? A plenitude of unsolicited questions intruded W’s head, questions that had never crossed his mind. 

The walk didn’t take him as long as it used to and he wasn’t even the bit exhausted. W went to check the mailbox just to find a stash of mails screaming for his attention. After scanning the envelopes cursorily, he slid them into the garbage bin. He took the elevator but he imagined himself to be in an airtight space. 

“Ding Dong…” 

“Mr. W!” The woman that resembled N opened the door with a million-dollar smile on her V-shaped face. It reminded him of N’s cute smiley face. The woman invited W to the apartment with her genteel voice.

She was wearing a red dress that clung to her waist and bracelets jingled at her bony wrist. Her brown curly hair bounced lightly as she tiptoed to the living room humming to a tune from a world beyond W’s reach. W was glued to the ground, his eyes following the woman silently.

“Mr. W? What’s wrong…”The woman turned to face him as she realized he wasn’t keeping up with her.

Her small eyes glowed around a pool of black and burgundy and her eyelashes thick with mascara moved felinely as she blinked, confused. Her cheekbones cast a shadow over her hollow cheeks and her lips looked succulent tinged with pink. W shifted his eyes downward. The woman’s neck was thin but carved with indelible wrinkles and her collarbones looked like they could cut. Her breast looked tiny beside N’s. 

“Mr. W?” The woman called out again, timidly.

“You’re not N. I’m sorry but I have to go.”

Shock was written all over the woman’s face and panic stampeded across her heart as she desperately tried to reassure him that she was N. W shook her hand away and rushed out the apartment. The wretched wailing of the woman echoed as the elevator descended. W hurried to his car, not caring about the danger of running down a slope.

“I need to find my N…”  W murmured to himself repeatedly as he drove his way back home listlessly.

“N…Where are you?” W’s voice cracked as he thought about the round face that shone like the moon. 

He looked up the sky and all he saw was a black sky. 
